Hey, people, my name is Carlos.
roberto is doing a first video
About imagine then I would like to speak
on the cleiton brother mode is a knot
difficult to install
it's not every version you can get
this way is not
already tried 3.2
already tried up in the new version which is 1.4.2
can not even get the videos right
black screen gave a lot of things error and
So I thought of something I 'm going to show.
for you guys
it's 12 when she asks if you want
update if you click not you can
have any version and the only version that
I managed to play I played a game.
little was the 1.25 good tree house
from the barons from here, you can watch a tv
It is also right here quietly.
for the installation of the game I'll put
the link in the description of the point folder
minecraft inside
even though 1,215 can not
install correctly
I think it's easy too, let's go.
You down here I already have here in
my desktop
come on, you come here in percentage
learning set the tone for you to copy your
paste point bigger craft I do not know if
may give an error
I already the top delete the video to pay the
Beauty and the people I came back I already paid the
Magnetic dot paste comes here and plays
this folder that will start putting
here ready we will test does not actually
It's no secret here, let's test the
This is the secret.
you will put the folder points the ipea
type 1.25 I managed to find a good folder
with a point 3.2 also serves to
any version you will not need
update your version
Let's test to show that it is
working
computer is very light so we
get the best
please do not be heavy snow range
very attached to the normal wolf, right?
Let's find another destination.
Geez, we're fucking here, I think it's
the video
Look, I'm going to find some good people.
I returned a few managed to find a horse
crocodiles a various chinese fox
even in the water there are many bugs
I increased one of them is very easy if
want to show more you will increase the
specific animal stayed there the force goes
You will advance how many when you
want to have several
this is good for people want to do
at the water farm by zoos I do not know
death galley is installed with the version
old
It's not difficult, you've seen
question can do is answer I will
vote for twitter on facebook
so that's it folks yelled a lot with
hate saved